Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Scare_Threshold	Rarity	CardText
A Good Scare	ChristmasTown	a_good_scare	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Search 3, Corpse Kid, Winged Demon OR If the Corpse Kid and Winged Demon are both at your Guillotine Area, cut your opponent’s deck, and then remove the top card from the game.
Accordion Player	Premiere	accordion_player	Character	1	Common	When the Accordion Player is played, if another Character at his Locale has the word “Player” in his name, Draw 1 Card.
Ain't Goin' Nowhere	ChristmasTown	aint_goin_nowhere	Surprises	1	Rare	If your Oogie is in play, Stack this Surprise on another Character at his Locale. While this Surprise is Stacked on that Character, that Character cannot be discarded from play, and cannot move.
Alas! Poor Jack!	ChristmasTown	alas_poor_jack	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Search Discard Pile, Jack OR Stack this card on your Jack. He cannot be returned to your hand by an opponent.
Alto Ghost	ChristmasTown	alto_ghost	Character	1	Common	When the Alto Ghost is played, if another Character at her Locale has the word “Ghost” in his or her name, Search Discard Pile, 1 Surprise
Armed Assault	ChristmasTown	armed_assault	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 6, Sally’s Arm OR Discard your Sally’s Arm from play, and then send an opponent’s Character with a Scare Number of 2 back to its owner’s hand.
Back Alley	Premiere	back_alley	Locale	2	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Draw 2 Cards and Move 3 Cards
Baritone Ghost	ChristmasTown	baritone_ghost	Character	1	Rare	If the Baritone Ghost is played to The Well, you may immediately discard 1 card from your hand to Search Discard Pile, 1 Card
Barrel - Dopey Trick-or-Treater	Tournament	barrel2	Character	1	Fixed	HEX: Once during your turn, after Barrel moves to a Locale, Draw 1 Card.
Barrel - Guinea Pig	ChristmasTown	barrel3	Character	1	Uncommon	May travel between Holiday Towns. During your turn, if Barrel is at the Tree House, you may return him to your hand to Search 2, 1 Character
Barrel - Little Skeleton	Premiere	barrel1	Character	1	Common	During your turn, if Barrel is at the same Locale as Lock and Shock, you may discard a copy of Barrel from your hand to Draw 1 Card.
Barry the Elf	ChristmasTown	barry	Character	0	Rare	If Barry is played to the Cookie Factory, you may immediately discard 1 card from your hand to Draw 2 Cards.
Bass Ghost	ChristmasTown	bass_ghost	Character	1	Uncommon	When the Bass Ghost is played, you may Search 5, “Ghosts”
Bass Player	Premiere	bass_player	Character	1	Common	When the Bass Player is played, if another Character at his Locale has the word “Player” in his name, Draw 1 Card.
Beaker of Joy	ChristmasTown	beaker_of_joy	Creations	1	Rare	If your Jack is at his House when this Creation is played, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Add 2p. This creation does not count when determining if you have “the most Creations.” “Making Christmas” cannot lower the Cost of this Creation.
Behemoth	Premiere	behemoth	Character	2	Common	During your turn, you may discard Behemoth from play to force all opponents to discard 1 card of their choice from their hands.
Big Witch	Premiere	big_witch	Character	2	Uncommon	You may spend 1 Movement to Move the Big Witch to any other Locale in your Halloweentown.
Black Cat	Premiere	black_cat	Character	1	Rare	If played to the same Locale as Sally, Draw 2 Cards. If played to any other Locale, discard 2 cards from your hand.
Bone Daddy	ChristmasTown	bone_daddy	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Search 3, Jack, “The Players” OR Play Jack from your hand to a Locale in your Halloweentown; Jack’s Cost is -1 for every Character at that Locale with the word “Player” in his name.
Bun-ny!	Premiere	bun-ny	Surprises	0	Rare	Search, 4 Behemoth, Easter Bunny OR If Behemoth and the Easter Bunny are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, discard that Easter Bunny and Draw 4 Cards.
Candy Shop	ChristmasTown	candy_shop	Locale	2	Uncommon	BONUS: Whenever the opponent to your left plays a Creation, Draw 1 Card. 
Captive Audience	ChristmasTown	captive_audience	Surprises	2	Rare	Search 6, 1 Character OR If Jack is at your Town Hall, Draw 1 Card for every additional Character there (maximum of 6 cards).
Carousel	ChristmasTown	carousel	Locale	3	Common	BONUS: After you perform a Function, you may discard up to 2 cards from your hand, and then draw an equal number of new cards.
Castle Finklestein	Premiere	castle_finklestein	Locale	5	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Discard 1 Card from hand to Add 5p
Choo Choo Train	ChristmasTown	choo_choo_train	Surprises	0	Common	Move any number of your Christmas Characters from any one Christmas Town Locale to any one other of your Christmas Town Locales.
Christmas Cafe	ChristmasTown	christmas_cafe	Locale	2	Promo Card	BONUS: While the Cafe is Active, whenever you play an Elf here, every player may Draw 1 Card.
Christmas Casket	Premiere	christmas_casket	Creations	6	Ultra-Rare	When playing this Creation, if Jack is in your Town Square, you may draw until you have 7 cards in your hand.
Christmas Equation	ChristmasTown	christmas_equation	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 6, Jack OR If your Jack is at his House, Stack this card on him, and then perform the card text on three of your Creations in play that have a Scare Number of 1, as if those Creations were just being played.
Christmas Supplies	ChristmasTown	christmas_supplies	Creations	6	Common	-1 Cost for every Character at your Well with the word “Ghost” in his or her name.
Christmas Town Gates	ChristmasTown	christmas_town_gates	Surprises	0	Common	Place this Surprise on the table as part of your Christmas Town. All Characters in your Christmas Town may ignore any Surprises played by your opponents. Devil cannot draw a card when one of your Christmas Characters is discarded.
Christmas Tree Bats	Premiere	christmas_tree_bats	Creations	3	Uncommon	-2 Cost if Corpse Mom and the Bass Player are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown.
Chucky the Elf	ChristmasTown	chucky	Character	0	Common	If Chucky is played to the Candy Shop, Draw 1 Card
Claw Catapult	ChristmasTown	claw_catapult	Creations	3	Rare	If Lock, Shock, and Barren are in your Halloweentown when this Creation is played, move a Character in an opponent’s Halloweentown up to three Locales away.
Clown	Premiere	clown	Character	2	Uncommon	During your turn, you may discard the Clown from play, and then discard an opponent’s Character with a Scare Number of 1 from play.
Conversations Worth Having	ChristmasTown	conversations	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 5, Finklestein, Jewel OR Stack this Surprise on your Finklestein, and then, if Jewel is at his Locale, Search Discard Pile, 1 Card
Cookie Factory	ChristmasTown	cookie_factory	Locale	2	Uncommon	BONUS: During your turn, you may discard a Creation from your hand to Draw 1 Card.
Corpse Dad	Premiere	corpse_dad	Character	1	Uncommon	When Corpse Dad is played, Add 1p for every other Character at his Locale with the word “Corpse” in his or her name.
Corpse Family Bonding	ChristmasTown	corpse_family_bonding	Surprises	1	Common	Search 4, The “Corpse” Family OR If your Corpse Dad, Corpse Mom, and Corpse Kid are at 3 different Locales, move them all to any one Locale in your Halloweentown, and Add 3p
Corpse Kid	Premiere	corpse_kid	Character	2	Common	HEX: Once during your turn, after you play a Surprise, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Add 1p
Corpse Mom	Premiere	corpse_mom	Character	1	Uncommon	When Corpse Mom is played, Add 1p for every other Character at her Locale with the word “Corpse” in his or her name
Cute Puppy	ChristmasTown	cute_puppy	Creations	-3	Common	Play this Creation to an opponent’s Halloweentown. Cost = 3 (-1 for each Active Locale in your Christmas Town with a Joy Threshold of 2 or higher).
Cyclops	Premiere	cyclops	Character	1	Common	When the Cyclops is played, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Draw 1 Card.
Dark Alley	Premiere	dark_alley	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 5, Wolfman, Decomposing Guy, Harlequinn Demon OR If Wolfman, Decomposing Guy, and Harlequinn Demon are in play, flip an opponent’s Locale face down (out of play) until the End Phase.
Dead Head	Premiere	dead_head	Creations	3	Uncommon	When this Creation is played, if the Undersea Gal is in your Halloweentown, Search Discard Pile, 1 Card
Dead Rooster	ChristmasTown	dead_rooster	Character	1	Rare	During your turn, you may discard Dead Rooster from play to move any player’s Vampire to any other Locale in the same Halloweentown.
Deadly Nightshade	Premiere	deadly_nightshade	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Search 3, Sally OR If your Sally is in play, return an opponent’s Dr. Finkelstein to its owner’s hand.
Decomposing Guy	Premiere	decomposing_guy	Character	1	Common	During your turn, you may discard Decomposing Guy from play to Search 3, 1 Card.
Delightful Hat	Premiere	delightful_hat	Creations	4	Uncommon	When playing this Creation, if the Harlequinn Demon is in your Halloweentown, you may discard 1 card from your hand to reduce the Cost of this Creation by 2.
Demented Shadow	ChristmasTown	demented_shadow	Character	1	Uncommon	If the Demented Shadow is played to the Graveyard, you may immediately Draw 1 Card and Move 1 Card.
Depraved Offering	ChristmasTown	depraved_offering	Surprises	0	Uncommon	If your Oogie is at his Lair and your Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the Tree House, discard any number of Christmas Characters who are at your Tree House from play.  Add 1p for each such Character discarded.
Devil	Premiere	devil	Character	2	Rare	Every time an opponent’s Character is discarded from play, Draw 1 Card.
Dissected Teddy	ChristmasTown	dissected_teddy	Creations	1	Uncommon	If your Jack is at his House when this Creation is played, Search Discard Pile, 1 Card. This Creation does not count when determining if you have “the most Creations.” “Making Christmas” cannot lower the Cost of this Creation.
Doll Factory	ChristmasTown	doll_factory	Locale	3	Uncommon	BONUS: Whenever you play a Creation, Draw 1 Card.
Domain of Shadows	ChristmasTown	domain_of_shadows	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 6, “Shadows” OR If 3 Characters with the word “Shadow” in their name are at your Graveyard, Add 3p
Double Dead	Premiere	double_dead	Surprises	0	Common	Name a Card Title. All players must reveal all copies of that Card Title in their discard piles, and then remove the revealed cards from the game.
Dr. Finklestein - Brainy Inventor	Premiere	finklestein2	Character	2	Ultra-Rare	HEX: Once during your turn, if Finklestein is at Finklestein Hall, you may discard 1 of your Creations in play to draw a number of cards equal to its Scare Number.
Dr. Finklestein - Desperate Lover	ChristmasTown	finklestein3	Character	2	Rare	HEX: Once during your turn, if Finklestein is not at the same Locale as your Sally, you may move him to her Locale (for free) and then Draw 1 Card.
Dr. Finklestein - Mad Scientist	Premiere	finklestein1	Character	2	Common	While Finklestein is at the Laboratory, draw 1 card each time you play a Creation.
Droopy Cane	ChristmasTown	droopy_cane	Creations	1	Uncommon	If your Jack is at his House when this Creation is played, Draw 1 Card. This Creation does not count when determining if you have “the most Creations.” “Making Christmas” cannot lower the Cost of this Creation.
Eager Anaconda	Premiere	eager_anaconda	Creations	5	Rare	When playing this Creation, you may discard Corpse Dad (or 2 other Characters) from your Halloweentown to reduce the Cost of this Creation by 3.
Easter Bunny	Premiere	easter_bunny	Character	-1	Rare	This card may be played for a Cost of 2 to an opponent’s non-Starting Locale, or for free to one of your Locales. Cannot Move.
Easter Door	ChristmasTown	easter_door	Surprises	0	Common	Search 6, Easter Bunny OR Discard any player’s Easter Bunny from play, and then Draw 2 Cards.
Eddy the Elf	ChristmasTown	eddy	Character	0	Common	When Eddy is played, every player may immediately Draw 1 Card.
Electric Lights	ChristmasTown	electric_lights	Surprises	0	Common	Search 6, Jack OR Move your Jack from one Christmas Town Locale to another of your Christmas Town Locales.
Elven Bedchamber	ChristmasTown	elven_bedchamber	Locale	4	Rare	BONUS: Whenever an Elf is discarded from your Christmas Town, Draw 1 Card.
Eureka!	Premiere	eureka	Surprises	0	Rare	If Jack is at his House in your Halloweentown, you may remove any number of Pumpkin Points from your Pumpkin Points card (all at once) to draw a number of cards equal to the number of Pumpkin Points removed.
Everybody make a scene	Tournament	everybody_make_a_scene	Surprises	2	Fixed	Draw 1 Card for every Active Locale in your Halloweentown with a Scare Threshold of 2 or higher (1 or higher if the Mayor is in your Halloweentown).
Everybody Scream!	Premiere	everybody_scream	Surprises	0	Rare	During your turn, play this card instead of performing a Function. Total up the Scare Numbers of all your Characters and divide by 4 (round down). You may divide by 3 if your Hanging Tree is in play. Add that many Pumpkin Points to your Pumpkin Points card.
Evil Eye	ChristmasTown	evil_eye	Surprises	1	Common	If Cyclops is in your Halloweentown, flip an opponent’s Character with a Scare Number of 2 or less face down (out of play) until the End Phase. The opponent cannot play that Character again for the rest of this Round.
Extendable Arm	ChristmasTown	extendable_arm	Creations	4	Ultra-Rare	If your Clown is at Town Hall, you may play this Creation to your opponent’s Halloweentown, and then steal one Creation from that opponent’s Halloweentown and place it in your own.
Eyes Glowing Red	ChristmasTown	eyes_glowing_red	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Search 6, Monster under the Bed OR If the Monster under the Bed is at your Scary Bed, discard any number of cards from beneath your Scary Bed. Add 1p for each such card discarded.
Falling to Pieces	ChristmasTown	falling_to_pieces	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 3, Sally, Sally’s Arm, Sally’s Leg OR If Sally, Sally’s Arm, and Sally’s Leg are at three different Locales in your Halloweentown, Draw 2 Cards and Move 2 Cards.
Fear the Reaper	Premiere	fear_the_reaper	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 6, The Reaper OR Discard your Reaper from play, and then discard an opponent’s Character from play.
Fender Bender	Premiere	fender_bender	Creations	3	Uncommon	If Corpse Kid is in your Halloweentown when you play this Creation, send an opponent’s Creation with a Scare Number of 3 or less back into its owner’s hand.
Fetch	Premiere	fetch	Surprises	0	Common	Search 6, Zero OR If Jack and Zero are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Search 6, 1 Card
Fingers Like Snakes	ChristmasTown	fingers_like_snakes	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Search 6, Monster under the Stairs OR If the Monster under the Stairs is at your Scary Staircase, draw until you have 4 cards in your hand.
Finklestein Hall	Premiere	finklestein_hall	Locale	0*	Common	STARTING HAND: 7 Cards, FUNCTION: Draw 3 Cards, FUNCTION: Add 2p, FUNCTION: Move 2 Cards
Fire!	Premiere	fire	Surprises	5	Common	Discard an opponent’s Creation from play.
Formaldetoys	ChristmasTown	formaldetoys	Creations	1	Uncommon	If your Jack is at his House when this Creation is played, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Draw 2 Cards. This Creation does not count when determining if you have “the most Creations.” “Making Christmas” cannot lower the Cost of this Creation.
Frog's Breath	ChristmasTown	frogs_breath	Surprises	0	Common	Search 3, Sally OR If your Sally is in her Room, discard Deadly Nightshade from your hand, and then Draw 3 Cards.
Gate Keeper	Premiere	gate_keeper	Surprises	1	Rare	Discard an opponent’s Surprise which has been placed on the table (but not Stacked). OR Switch the positions of two empty Locales in any player’s Halloweentown.
Give It All Up	ChristmasTown	give_it_all_up	Surprises	1	Ultra-Rare	Stack this Surprise on your Jack, and then discard all other Surprises that are Stacked on Characters in all Halloweentowns. Draw 1 card for every Surprise discarded in this way.
Give Up the Ghost	ChristmasTown	give_up_the_ghost	Surprises	1	Rare	Move 1 or 2 of your Characters to your Pumpkin Patch. OR Draw 1 Character of your choice from beneath your Pumpkin Patch.
Grand Marshall	ChristmasTown	grand_marshall	Surprises	0	Common	Search 4, The “Hyde” Family OR Move a Character in your Halloweentown to the same Locale as one of your Characters with the word “Hyde” in his name.
Guillotine Area	ChristmasTown	guillotine_area	Locale	5	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Discard 1 Character from this Locale to Add 2p and force each opponent to discard 1 Character of his choice from his own Halloweentown.
Halloween Plans	Premiere	halloween_plans	Surprises	0	Common	Search 6, The Mayor OR If the Mayor is at your Mayor-mobile or at the same Locale as Jack in your Halloweentown, Draw 2 Cards
Halloweentown Bell	ChristmasTown	halloweentown_bell	Creations	5	Common	-2 Cost if the Mayor is at your Mayor-mobile., -1 Cost if the Mummy Boy is at the same Locale as your Mayor. These effects are cumulative.
Halloweentown Gates	Premiere	halloweentown_gates	Surprises	2	Uncommon	Place this card on the table as part of your Halloweentown. Whenever an opponent plays a Surprise that affects one of your Characters in play, you may immediately return this card to your hand to ignore that Surprise.
Hanging Tree	Premiere	hanging_tree	Character	3	Rare	When playing this card, you may discard Characters from your hand to reduce the Hanging Tree’s Cost by 1 for each Character discarded.
Harlequin Demon	Premiere	harlequin_demon	Character	2	Uncommon	-1 Cost at the Back Alley.
He can fit down here!	ChristmasTown	he_can_fit_down_here	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Move Lock, Shock and/or Barrel from your Oogie’s Lair to your Tree House. OR If Lock, Shock, and Barrel are in your Halloweentown, move your Sandy to your Oogie’s Lair.
Headhunter	ChristmasTown	headhunter	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 6, Undersea Gal OR If your Undersea Gal is in play, Search Discard Pile, 1 Surprise
Hello, Oogie	Premiere	hello_oogie	Surprises	3	Rare	If your Jack is in play, return an opponent’s Character to its owner’s hand. OR Discard an opponent’s Jack and Oogie if they are both in the same Halloweentown.
Here Comes Sandy Claws	ChristmasTown	here_comes_sandy	Creations	4	Rare	When this Creation is played, if The Bass and all 3 “Players” are in your Town Square, you may immediately play another Creation from your hand (for free).
Hiding Under Your Bed	Premiere	hiding_under_bed	Surprises	0	Rare	Discard all cards that are currently beneath your Scary Bed. OR If the Monster Under the Bed is at your Scary Bed, draw up to 2 cards of your choice from beneath your Scary Bed.
Hitch a Ride	Premiere	hitch_a_ride	Surprises	0	Common	Move any number of Characters from your Mayor-mobile to any one other Locale in your Halloweentown. OR Move any number of Characters from any one of your Locales to your Mayor-mobile.
Holly Jolly Roger	ChristmasTown	holly_jolly_roger	Creations	4	Common	When this Creation is played, if your Devil is in play, you may discard a Character with a Scare Number of 1 from an opponent’s Halloweentown.
House of Cards	Tournament	house_of_cards	Creations	2	Fixed	Add +2 to the Scare Number of the House of Cards for each card face down beneath it placed there through the use of “I Think I’ve Got It”.
How dare you!	ChristmasTown	how_dare_you	Surprises	0	Rare	During your opponent’s turn, after that opponent discards a Surprise into his Surprise Discard Pile, place this card on the table as part of your Halloweentown, and then grab the opponent’s Surprise and stack it on this card. That Surprise is now +1 Cost for all players.
Hyde and Seek	Premiere	hyde_and_seek	Surprises	0	Common	Search 4, The “Hyde” Family OR During an opponent’s turn, play this card to ignore a card that discards card(s) from your hand, and, if you also reveal a “Hyde” Character in your hand, Draw 2 Cards.
I am not the one	Premiere	i_am_not_the_one	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 3, 1 Surprise OR If Sally is in an opponent’s Halloweentown, move her to an adjacent Locale of your choice.
I am the Pumpkin King!	Premiere	i_am_the_pumpkin_king	Surprises	0	Ultra-Rare	If your Jack is in play, seize the Pumpkin King card and choose one of the card’s three activities. Every player in order may perform the chosen activity just as in the Start Phase. When finished, return the Pumpkin King card to its previous holder.
I Can't Believe My Eyes	ChristmasTown	i_cant_believe_my_eyes	Surprises	1	Rare	Every player must peek at the hand of the player to his left, and then force that player to discard 1 card of the peeking player’s choice.  Players with Jack in their Christmas Town may then Draw 1 Card.
I can't make decisions!	ChristmasTown	i_cant_make_decisions	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 6, Mayor OR If your Mayor is at the Mayor-mobile, peek at an opponent’s hand and reveal one card of your choice to all players. No player can play that Card Title for the remainder of this Round.
I never realized	Premiere	i_never_realized	Surprises	0	Common	Search 3, Jack, Sally OR If Jack and Sally are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Draw 2 Cards
I think I've got it	Tournament	i_think_ive_got_it	Surprises	0	Fixed	Search 6, House of Cards OR Flip the top card of your Main Deck face up. If it is a Surprise, discard it and all cards placed beneath your House of Cards. Otherwise, place the card face down beneath your House of Cards.
I told you!	Premiere	i_told_you	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 5, Lock, Shock, Barrel OR If Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Stack this Surprise on Shock and Add 2p
I wanna do it!	Premiere	i_wanna_do_it	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 5, Lock, Shock, Barrel OR If Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Stack this Surprise on Lock and force one opponent to discard a random card from his hand.
I want it for my own	ChristmasTown	i_want_it_for_my_own	Surprises	2	Common	If Jack is at an Active Locale in your Christmas Town with a Joy Threshold of 3 or higher, discard an opponent’s Creation from play.
Iggy the Elf	ChristmasTown	iggy	Character	0	Uncommon	When Iggy is played, if Jack is at his Locale, Add 1p
Igor	Premiere	igor	Character	1	Common	During your turn, you may discard Igor from play and then Move 2 Cards.
I'm not the dumb one	Premiere	im_not_the_dumb_one	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 5, Lock, Shock, Barrel OR If Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Stack this Surprise on Barrel and Draw 1 Card.
I'm Santa Claus!	Premiere	im_santa_claus	Surprises	1	Ultra-Rare	Search 6, Sandy Claws OR Stack this card on your Sandy, and then, if Sandy is in Oogie’s Lair in your Halloweentown, discard an opponent’s Creation from play.
I'm the Boogie Man!	Premiere	im_the_boogie_man	Surprises	0	Common	Each player targets a Character with a Scare number of 1 belonging to the player on his left and sends the Character back into its owner’s hand. If Oogie is in any players’ Halloweentown, those players also Draw 1 Card.
It's a phase, my dear	Premiere	its_a_phase_my_dear	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 3, Finklestein, Sally OR If Finklestein and Sally are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Add 1p
It's Alive!	ChristmasTown	its_alive	Surprises	1	Rare	If Finklestein is at your Laboratory, Stack this Surprise on one of your Creations in play, and then place that Creation in your Laboratory.  That Creation is now considered both a Character and a Creation.
It's time to party!	Premiere	its_time_to_party	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 6, Devil OR If your Devil is in play, Draw 1 Card for every Creation in your Halloweentown.
It's Time You Begun	Premiere	its_time_you_begun	Surprises	0	Rare	Choose an inactive Locale in your Halloweentown. Discard a number of cards from your hand equal to the number of Scare Points still needed to activate that Locale, and then perform a Function on that Locale. You may still perform only one Function during your turn.
Jack in the Box	Premiere	jack_in_the_box	Creations	4	Uncommon	When this Creation is played, if the Clown is in your Halloweentown, you may Search 6, 1 Surprise
Jack Skellington - Demon of Light	Premiere	jack1	Character	6	Ultra-Rare	When Jack, Demon of Light, is played, the player(s) with the most Characters in play draw until they have 7 cards in their hands.
Jack Skellington - Explorer of Unknown Realms	ChristmasTown	jack4	Character	2	Common	May travel between Holiday Towns. HEX: Once during your turn, after Jack moves to a Christmas Town Locale, Add 1p
Jack Skellington - Master of Fright	Premiere	jack2	Character	5	Rare	When Jack, Master of Fright, is played, you must discard another Character at his Locale (or discard this card).
Jack Skellington - Motivational Spooker	ChristmasTown	jack5	Character	4	Ultra-Rare	During your turn, you may discard a card from your hand to move another Halloween Character at Jack’s Locale to an adjacent Locale.
Jack Skellington - Santa Jack	ChristmasTown	jack6	Character	3	Promo Card	Whenever you Stack a Surprise on a Creation, Draw 2 Cards.
Jack Skellington - The Pumpkin King	Premiere	jack3	Character	3	Common	-1 Cost at Jack’s House.
Jack's Bedroom	Premiere	jacks_bedroom	Locale	4	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Draw until you have a number of cards in your hand equal to your Starting Hand (as indicated on your Starting Locale).
Jack's House	Premiere	jacks_house	Locale	0*	Common	STARTING HAND: 7 Cards, FUNCTION: Draw 2 Cards, FUNCTION: Add 2p, FUNCTION: Move 4 Cards
Jewel	Premiere	jewel	Character	1	Rare	If Finklestein is about to be discarded while at the same Locale as Jewel, you may discard Jewel instead.
Jingle Bells	Premiere	jingle_bells	Creations	4	Common	This Creation is -1 Cost for each Character in your Halloweentown with the word “Player” in his name.
Jumbo Treat Bag	Premiere	jumbo_treat_bag	Creations	5	Common	-3 Cost if Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown.
Juxtaposition	ChristmasTown	juxtaposition	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Add 1p for every Halloween Character (not including Jack, Lock, Shock, and Barrel) at an Active Locale in your Christmas Town (maximum of 4 Pumpkin Points).
Kidnap Mr. Sandy Claws	Premiere	kidnap_mr_sandy_claws	Surprises	1	Rare	Every player draws 1 card, plus an additional card for each of the following Characters in their Halloweentown: Lock, Shock, Barrel, Sandy Claws
Languid Larry	ChristmasTown	languid_larry	Character	0	Rare	When Larry is played, Draw 2 Cards if Nelly is at his Locale. Cannot Move.
Let's Play!	Premiere	lets_play	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 6, Sound of Rollin’ Dice OR If Oogie is in your Halloweentown, play this card after playing “Sound of Rollin’ Dice” to discard a second card from the top of the opponent’s deck. Add its Scare Number to the first card’s Scare Number.
Little Henchmen	ChristmasTown	little_henchmen	Surprises	1	Common	Search 6, Oogie, Lock, Shock, Barrel OR Search 6, Depraved Offering
Little Witch	Premiere	little_witch	Character	1	Uncommon	During your turn, you may Move the Little Witch to the same Locale as the Big Witch in your Halloweentown (for free).
Loading Zone	ChristmasTown	loading_zone	Locale	4	Common	BONUS: Whenever you perform a Function, you may Search 4, 1 Creation.
Lock - Impish Trick-or-Treater	Tournament	lock2	Character	1	Fixed	HEX: Once during your turn, after Lock moves to a Locale, you may discard 2 cards from your hand to force 1 player to discard a random card from his hand.
Lock - Little Devil	Premiere	lock1	Character	1	Common	During your turn, if Lock is at the Tree House, you may discard a copy of Lock from your hand to Search 3, Shock, Barrel
Lock - Savage Captor	ChristmasTown	lock3	Character	1	Uncommon	May travel between Holiday towns. During your turn, if Lock is at the Tree House, you may discard another Character there to Draw 1 Card.
Loco-motive	ChristmasTown	loco-motive	Creations	3	Common	If your Mummy Boy is in play when this Creation is played, you may immediately move 1 Character in any player’s Halloweentown to an adjacent Locale.
Look what you've done	Premiere	look_what_youve_done	Surprises	1	Ultra-Rare	Search 3, Jack OR Stack this card on your Jack or Sandy, and then, if an opponent’s Oogie is in play, send that Oogie to its owner’s hand.
Lovely!	ChristmasTown	lovely	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 4, Sally’s Leg OR If your Sally’s Leg is in play, place this Surprise on the table in front of an opponent. That opponent’s Surprises are +1 Cost. Discard this Surprise during the End Phase.
Mad Genius	Premiere	mad_genius	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Force an opponent to discard 1 random card from his hand. OR If Finklestein is at the Laboratory in your Halloweentown, peek at an opponent’s hand and discard 1 card of your choice.
Magical Journey	ChristmasTown	magical_journey	Surprises	0	Common	Move a Halloween Character from your Tree Circle to one of your Christmas Town Locales (or from one of your Christmas Town Locales to your Tree Circle). This Character is considered to have the text “May travel between Holiday Towns” during this Movement.
Making Christmas	Premiere	making_christmas	Surprises	0	Uncommon	All Creations are -1 Cost. All Characters are +1 Cost. Place this card in the center of the table. No other copies can be played while this is on the table. Discard during the End Phase.
Marie Antoinette Doll	Premiere	marie_antoinette	Creations	3	Common	When this Creation is played, if the Mummy Boy is in your Halloweentown, force one player to discard a random card from his hand.
Master! The Plans!	Premiere	master_the_plans	Surprises	1	Common	Search 5, Finklestein, Igor OR If Finklestein and Igor are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Draw 2 Cards
Mayor-mobile	Premiere	mayor-mobile	Locale	0*	Common	STARTING HAND: 6 Cards, FUNCTION: Draw 3 Cards, FUNCTION: Add 2p, FUNCTION: Move 5 Cards
Mellow Trio	Premiere	mellow_trio	Surprises	1	Common	Search 6, The “Players” OR Choose a Locale in your Halloweentown and Draw 1 Card for every Character at that Locale with the word “Player” in his name.
Mirror, Mirror	ChristmasTown	mirror_mirror	Surprises	0	Promo Card	During an opponent’s turn, play this card after one of your Characters is discarded from play to discard from play any one of that opponent’s Characters with an equal or lower Scare Number.
Mission of Menace	ChristmasTown	mission_of_menace	Surprises	1	Uncommon	If your Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the same Christmas Town Locale, move them and any number of other Characters at the same Locale to your Tree House. These Characters may all “travel between Holiday Towns.”
Mistletoe	ChristmasTown	mistletoe	Surprises	0	Common	Search 6, Elves OR Discard 2 Elves who are at the same Locale in an opponent’s Christmas Town.
Monster Under the Bed	Premiere	monster_under_bed	Character	3	Uncommon	Cannot Move. Whenever a Function at his Locale is performed, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Add 1p
Monster Under the Stairs	Premiere	monster_under_stairs	Character	2	Uncommon	Whenever a Function at his Locale is performed, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Draw 1 Card.
Moody Mayor	Premiere	moody_mayor	Surprises	0	Common	Search 3, Mayor, Lock, Shock, Barrel OR Double the Mayor’s Scare Number when determining if his current Locale is Active.
Morning Rounds	ChristmasTown	morning_rounds	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 6, Mayor OR If your Mayor-mobile is in play, switch the positions of two Locales in your Halloweentown, making sure that all Characters remain with their current Locales.
Most Blood Drained	ChristmasTown	most_blood_drained	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 4, Vampires OR Return one of your Vampires in play to your hand, and then discard an opponent’s Character with a Scare Number of 3 of less from play.
Mournful Howl	Premiere	mournful_howl	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 6, Wolfman OR If your Wolfman is in play, reveal a Character in your discard pile and draw a number of cards equal to that Character’s Scare Number (maximum of 4 cards).
Mr. Hyde	Premiere	mr_hyde	Character	1	Common	During your turn, you may send Mr. Hyde into your hand and then peek at an opponent’s hand.
Mr. Hyde II	Premiere	mr_hyde_ii	Character	1	Uncommon	During your turn, you may send Mr. Hyde II into your hand and then discard 1 card from your hand to Draw 1 Card.
Mr. Hyde III	Premiere	mr_hyde_iii	Character	1	Rare	During an opponent’s turn, you may send Mr. Hyde III into your hand to ignore a card that discard card(s) from your hand.
Mrs. Claus	ChristmasTown	mrs_claus	Character	0	Uncommon	HEX: Once during your turn, you may discard 1 Elf from Mrs. Claus’ Locale, and then, if the Elf was discarded from the Bakery, Draw 1 Card.
Mummy Boy	Premiere	mummy_boy	Character	1	Common	When the Mummy Boy is played, if the Corpse Kid is at his Locale, you may Move 2 Cards.
My Fantasies	Premiere	my_fantasies	Surprises	0	Common	Search 6, Jack OR If Jack is in your Halloweentown, Search 6, 1 Creation
Mystic Cauldron	Premiere	mystic_cauldron	Surprises	0	Rare	Peek at an opponent’s hand. OR If the Big Witch or Little Witch are in your Halloweentown, peek at the top 6 cards in your Main Deck and return them in any order.
Nelly the Elf	ChristmasTown	nelly	Character	0	Uncommon	When Nelly is played, you may immediately discard your entire hand, and then Draw 1 Card for every additional Elf at her Locale.
Night of Festivities	ChristmasTown	night_of_festivities	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 3, 1 or 2 Characters OR If an opponent’s Town Square has more than 4 Characters in it, flip that Town Square face down (out of play) until the End Phase.
Nightmare Before Christmas	Premiere	nightmare_before_christmas	Surprises	0	Promo Card	Every player draws 1 card for each of the following Characters in their Halloweentown: Jack, Sally, Mayor, Oogie Boogie, Dr. Finklestein
Nothing Underneath	ChristmasTown	nothing_underneath	Surprises	1	Rare	Discard one Surprise that is Stacked on a card in your Halloweentown. OR Stack this card on one of your Creations, and then, if an opponent’s Monster under the Bed is not at the Scary Bed, return that Monster to its owner’s hand.
Nutcracker	Premiere	nutcracker	Creations	3	Common	If Behemoth is in your Halloweentown when you play the Nutcracker, you may immediately discard any number of cards from your hand (all at once) and then draw new cards to replace those discarded.
Old Sparkly	Tournament	old_sparkly	Creations	5	Fixed	-4 Cost if there are 6 Active Locales in your Halloweentown (including your Starting Locale, which is always Active).
Oogie Boogie - Eight Ball	Premiere	oogie3	Character	6	Ultra-Rare	When Oogie, Eight Ball, is played, the player(s) with the least number of Active Locales must discard half of the cards in their hands (round up).
Oogie Boogie - Gamblin' Boogie Man	Premiere	oogie2	Character	5	Rare	When Oogie, Gamblin’ Boogie Man, is played, you must discard your entire hand and then draw an equal number of new cards.
Oogie Boogie - Meanest Guy Around	Premiere	oogie1	Character	4	Common	-1 Cost at Oogie’s Lair. Must spend 2 Movement to Move Oogie out of his Lair.
Oogie Boogie - Voracious Villain	ChristmasTown	oogie4	Character	3	Rare	HEX: Once during your turn, you may discard another Character at his Locale to Add a number of Pumpkin Points equal to that Character’s Scare Number (max of 2).
Oogie's Dice	Premiere	oogies_dice	Creations	4	Uncommon	When playing this Creation, if Oogie is in his Lair in your Halloweentown, you may immediately move him (for free) to any other Locale in your Halloweentown.
Oogie's Lair	Premiere	oogies_lair	Locale	0*	Common	STARTING HAND: 5 Cards, FUNCTION: Draw 2 Cards, FUNCTION: Add 3p, FUNCTION: Move 1 Card
Oogie's turn to boogie	Premiere	oogies_turn_to_boogie	Surprises	0	Uncommon	Search 3, Oogie, Sandy Claws OR If Oogie and Sandy Claws are in Oogie’s Lair in your Halloweentown, draw until you have 7 cards in your hand.
Organ Donor	Premiere	organ_donor	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Each player, starting with the Pumpkin King and continuing clockwise around the table, may choose to discard Finklestein (or 3 other Characters) from his own Halloweentown, and then play 1 Creation from hand for free.
Parasols	ChristmasTown	parasols	Surprises	2	Rare	Place this Surprise on the table as part of your Halloweentown. Each of your opponents can only affect your Characters in play (or the cards in your hand) one time during each of his Player Turns. The card text on Parasols is inactive on Days 10 through 12.
Pauly the Elf	ChristmasTown	pauly	Character	0	Common	If Pauly is played to the Hangar, you may immediately Move 2 Cards.
Penguin Rally	ChristmasTown	penguin_rally	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 6, Penguins OR If Weary Willy and Languid Larry are both in your Christmas Town, every player must immediately draw cards (or discard cards) until they have exactly 4 cards in their hands.
Public Transportation	Premiere	public_transportation	Surprises	0	Common	Each player targets a Character belonging to the player on his left and moves the Character to an adjacent Locale. Characters at the same Locale as the Mayor are not affected by this Surprise.
Pull Yourself Together	Premiere	pull_yourself_together	Surprises	1	Common	Search 6, Sally OR During an opponent’s turn, play this card to ignore a card that affects one of your Characters in play. You may play this card for free if your Sally is in play.
Pumpkin Patch	Premiere	pumpkin_patch	Locale	6	Rare	FUNCTION: Place 1 Character (who is at this Locale) face down beneath this Locale to Add 6p
Putrid Playmates	Premiere	putrid_playmates	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 6, Corpse Kid, Mummy Boy OR If Corpse Kid and Mummy Boy are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Add 
Ravenous Fiend	ChristmasTown	ravenous_fiend	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 6, Eager Anaconda OR Discard your Eager Anaconda from play, and then discard an opponent’s Creation from play.
Reaper	Premiere	reaper	Character	3	Rare	When the Reaper is played, every player must discard 1 Character from his own hand or from his own Halloweentown.
Renowned Talents	ChristmasTown	renowned_talents	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 6, Jack OR If Jack is in your Halloweentown, move an opponent’s Character to an adjacent Locale. If your Jack has the Alias “Master of Fright,” Draw 2 Cards.
Road Kill	Premiere	road_kill	Creations	3	Common	If the Decomposing Guy is in your Halloweentown when you play Road Kill, Draw 2 Cards.
Ruptured Berry	ChristmasTown	ruptured_berry	Creations	1	Uncommon	If your Jack is at his House when this Creation is played, you may Move 2 Cards. This Creation does not count when determining if you have “the most Creations.” “Making Christmas” cannot lower the Cost of this Creation.
Sackful of Mischief	Premiere	sackful_of_mischief	Surprises	1	Ultra-Rare	Allow the opponent to your right to cut your Main Deck. Afterwards, flip the top card of the deck face up. If the card is a Creation that is not yet in your Halloweentown, you may play it for free. Otherwise, discard it.
Safety in Numbers	ChristmasTown	safety_in_numbers	Surprises	1	Common	Place this card on the table as part of your Halloweentown. During an opponent’s turn, if your Lock, Shock, or Barrel are about to be discarded from play, you may return him or her to your hand instead.
Sally - Restless Spirit	ChristmasTown	sally3	Character	2	Ultra-Rare	HEX: Once during your turn, you may move Sally to an adjacent Locale.
Sally - Shy Creature	Premiere	sally1	Character	2	Common	During your turn, if Sally is at the same Locale as Jack, you may discard her from play to draw 3 cards.
Sally - Skilled Alchemist	Premiere	sally2	Character	2	Ultra-Rare	HEX: Once during your turn, if Sally is at her Room, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Draw 1 Card.
Sally's Arm	ChristmasTown	sallys_arm	Character	1	Uncommon	-1 Cost at Sally’s Room.  Sally’s Arm satisfies any card text that requires Sally to be in play at a particular Locale.
Sally's Leg	ChristmasTown	sallys_leg	Character	1	Uncommon	-1 Cost at Sally’s Room.  Sally’s Leg satisfies any card text that requires Sally to be in play at a particular Locale.
Sally's Room	Premiere	sallys_room	Locale	2	Common	FUNCTION: Add 2p and Move 3 Cards
Same Routine	ChristmasTown	same_routine	Surprises	0	Promo Card	During the Start Phase, play this card to perform the Pumpkin King’s chosen activity one additional time (paying for it separately each time). You cannot play this card if you are the Pumpkin King.
Sandy Claws	Premiere	sandy_claws	Character	0	Uncommon	Must be played to the Tree Circle or Tree House. Can only move if Lock, Shock, and Barrel are in play.  Cannot be discarded from play.
Sandy Claws Outfit	Premiere	sandy_claws_outfit	Creations	6	Common	-3 Cost if Jack and Sally are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown.
Santa Claus	ChristmasTown	santa_claus	Character	0	Common	HEX: Once during your turn, you may Search 6, Elves. Cannot be played if your Sandy Claws is in play (and vice versa).
Santa's House	ChristmasTown	santas_house	Locale	1	Uncommon	BONUS: While Santa is here, Santa’s Workshop and each of your Christmas Town Factories require 1 less Christmas Character to become Active.
Santa's Workshop	ChristmasTown	santas_workshop	Locale	5	Ultra-Rare	BONUS: At the start of the End Phase, if you have no cards left in your hand, Draw 4 Cards.
Sax Player	Premiere	sax_player	Character	1	Common	When the Sax Player is played, if another Character at his Locale has the word “Player” in his name, Draw 1 Card.
Say It Twice	Premiere	say_it_twice	Surprises	2	Rare	Search 6, Big Witch, Little Witch OR If the Big Witch and Little Witch are at one of your active Locales, you may perform one of the Functions at that Locale as an extra Function this turn.
Scared Stiff	Premiere	scared_stiff	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 3, Jack OR If your Jack in play has the Alias “Master of Fright,” discard an opponent’s Character with a Scare Number of 1.
Scary Bed	Premiere	scary_bed	Locale	3	Ultra-Rare	FUNCTION: Place up to 2 cards from your hand face down beneath the Scary Bed, and then Add 2p for each card you just placed.
Scary Staircase	ChristmasTown	scary_staircase	Locale	2	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Discard up to 2 cards from your hand, and then draw 3 cards for every card you just discarded.
Scary Teddy	Premiere	scary_teddy	Creations	4	Uncommon	This Creation is -1 Cost for each of the following Characters in your Halloweentown: Corpse Dad, Devil, and Wolfman
Scorpion Surprise	Premiere	scorpion_surprise	Creations	4	Uncommon	This Creation is -1 Cost for each Character in your Halloweentown with the word “Hyde” in his name.
Search Lights	Premiere	search_lights	Surprises	3	Uncommon	Search 6, 1 Card OR Place this card on the table as part of your Halloweentown. While this card is in play, you may play the card “Fire!” at -2 Cost.
Series of Experiments	ChristmasTown	series_of_experiments	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 5, Jack, Finklestein OR If Jack and Finklestein are both in your Halloweentown, Search 6, Creations with a Scare Number of 1
Sewing Hut	ChristmasTown	sewing_hut	Locale	3	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Add 1p for every Active Locale in your Halloweentown (not including this Locale).
Shadow on the Moon	Premiere	shadow_on_the_moon	Surprises	-1	Ultra-Rare	Cost = 2. Stack this Surprise on an opponent’s Character. You may play this card for free if your Oogie is in play.
Shock - Bossy Trick-or-Treater	Tournament	shock2	Character	1	Fixed	HEX: Once during your turn, after Shock moves to a Locale, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Add 1p
Shock - Little Hag	Premiere	shock1	Character	1	Common	Whenever Shock leaves the same Locale as Lock and/or Barrel, you may move them to her new Locale for free.
Shock - Mad Schemer	ChristmasTown	shock3	Character	1	Uncommon	May travel between Holiday Towns. During your turn, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Search 3, Mission of Menace
Siamese Shadow	ChristmasTown	siamese_shadow	Character	2	Common	-1 Cost at the Graveyard.
Skating Pond	ChristmasTown	skating_pond	Locale	2	Common	BONUS: Whenever you perform a Function, you may discard 1 card from your hand to Move 2 different Characters once each.
Skeletal Reindeer	Premiere	skeletal_reindeer	Creations	6	Uncommon	-2 Cost if Dr. Finkelstein is in your Laboratory. -1 Cost if Igor is in your Laboratory.  These effects are cumulative.
Snake & Spider Stew	Tournament	snake_and_spider	Creations	6	Fixed	-5 Cost if Oogie and Sandy are in Oogie’s Lair in your Halloweentown.
Snow Fort	ChristmasTown	snow_fort	Locale	4	Common	BONUS: While the Snow Fort is Active, whenever you play an Elf here, each opponent must discard 1 Elf of his choice from his own Christmas Town.
Snowmobile	ChristmasTown	snowmobile	Surprises	1	Common	Search 6, Jack OR Move Jack (and up to 3 other Characters at his Locale) to any one other Locale in your Halloweentown.
Someplace New	ChristmasTown	someplace_new	Surprises	1	Rare	Move 2 Cards OR Examine the top two cards of your Locale Deck, and then place one (or both) of those Locales at the bottom of your Locale Deck.
Something's up with Jack	Premiere	somethings_up_with_jack	Surprises	0	Uncommon	All players must immediately choose half of the cards in their hands (round up) and discard them. If Jack is in any players’ Halloweentown, those players also Draw 1 Card.
Soprano Ghost	ChristmasTown	soprano_ghost	Character	1	Common	When the Soprano Ghost is played, if another Character at her Locale has the word “Ghost” in his or her name, Search Discard Pile, 1 Character
Sound of Rollin' Dice	Premiere	sound_of_rollin_dice	Surprises	1	Common	Choose a Character belonging to an opponent and discard the top card from that opponent’s deck. If the Scare Number on the discarded card is higher than the Character’s Scare Number, discard the Character as well.
Sound the Alarms!	ChristmasTown	sound_the_alarms	Surprises	0	Common	Search 3, Mayor, Mummy Boy OR During an opponent’s turn, play this card to ignore a card that affects one of your Creations, Locales, or Surprises in play.
Spider Flake	ChristmasTown	spider_flake	Creations	1	Uncommon	If your Jack is at his House when this Creation is played, Add 1p. This Creation does not count when determining if you have “the most Creations.” “Making Christmas” cannot lower the Cost of this Creation.
Subordinate Claus	ChristmasTown	subordinate_claus	Surprises	0	Common	Move an Elf from one of your Christmas Town Locales to an adjacent Christmas Town Locale, and then, if Santa Claus or Mrs. Claus are at the new Locale, Draw 2 Cards.
Suzy the Elf	ChristmasTown	suzy	Character	0	Common	When Suzy is played, Draw 2 Cards if your hand is empty.
Takeoff Ramp	Premiere	takeoff_ramp	Creations	5	Common	If the Mayor is in your Town Square, this Creation is -1 Cost for every other Character at his Locale (not including the Mayor himself). Minimum Cost to play Takeoff Ramp = 1.
Tenor Ghost	ChristmasTown	tenor_ghost	Character	1	Common	When the Tenor Ghost is played, if another Character at his Locale has the word “Ghost” in his or her name, Search Discard Pile, 1 Creation
That's our Job	Premiere	thats_our_job	Surprises	2	Uncommon	Search 5, The “Corpse” Family OR If Corpse Dad and Corpse Mom are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, Search Discard Pile, 1 Card
The Bakery	ChristmasTown	the_bakery	Locale	1	Common	BONUS: Whenever you perform a Search, add 1 to the number of cards being searched.
The Bass	ChristmasTown	the_bass	Character	1	Rare	When you play The Bass, you may Search 6, The “Players” The Bass is not a “Player.”
The best I can	Premiere	the_best_i_can	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 6, Oogie OR Stack this card on your Oogie and, if Oogie is in his Lair, discard an opponent’s Character with a Scare Number of 1 or less.
The Courtyard	ChristmasTown	the_courtyard	Locale	6	Rare	FUNCTION: Draw 2 Cards and Add 3p
The Crypt	Premiere	the_crypt	Locale	3	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Draw 4 Cards
The Dark Wood	ChristmasTown	the_dark_wood	Locale	3	Common	FUNCTION: Draw 3 Cards OR Add 3p OR Move 3 Cards
The Fountain	Premiere	the_fountain	Locale	4	Rare	FUNCTION: Search 3, 1 Character and Add 3p
The Graveyard	Premiere	the_graveyard	Locale	2	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Search Discard Pile, 1 Card
The Hangar	ChristmasTown	the_hangar	Locale	3	Common	BONUS: Whenever you play a Character to an empty Locale, Draw 1 Card.
The Laboratory	Premiere	the_laboratory	Locale	3	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Search 5, 1 Creation and Add 3p
The Mayor - Elected Official	Premiere	mayor1	Character	2	Common	While the Mayor is in Town Square, you may spend 1 Movement to move any number of your adjacent Characters there.
The Mayor - Excitable Politician	ChristmasTown	mayor3	Character	2	Common	During your turn, if the Mayor is at the Mayor-mobile, you may return him to your hand to Draw 2 Cards.
The Mayor - Lugubrious Leader	Premiere	mayor2	Character	2	Rare	Whenever a Character in your Halloweentown (other than the Mayor himself) is discarded, Draw 1 Card.
The Observatory	ChristmasTown	the_observatory	Locale	2	Common	FUNCTION: Draw 3 Cards and Move 1 Card
The Rat	ChristmasTown	the_rat	Character	1	Rare	During an opponent’s turn, you may discard The Rat from play to ignore a card that affects another Character at his Locale.
The Tree House	Premiere	the_tree_house	Locale	3	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Draw 3 Cards and Add 1p
The Well	Premiere	the_well	Locale	1	Common	FUNCTION: Move 6 Cards
This is Halloween!	Premiere	this_is_halloween	Surprises	1	Rare	All Characters are -1 Cost. All Creations are +1 Cost. (Minimum Cost per Character = 1) Place this card in the center of the table .No other copies can be played while this is on the table. Discard during the End Phase.
Three of a Kind	Premiere	three_of_a_kind	Surprises	2	Common	Search 6, Lock, Shock, Barrel OR If Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, force one opponent with 4 or more cards in his hand to discard all but 3 cards of his choice.  Draw 1 Card for each card discarded by your opponent.
Throw me a bone	Premiere	throw_me_a_bone	Surprises	1	Common	Search 6, Igor OR If Finklestein and Igor are in your Halloweentown, Search Discard Pile, 1 Creation
Timmy the Elf	ChristmasTown	timmy	Character	0	Rare	If Timmy is played to the Toy Factory, you may immediately Search 6, 1 Creation.
Town Center	ChristmasTown	town_center	Locale	4	Uncommon	BONUS: Whenever you perform a Function, Draw 1 Card.
Town Hall	Premiere	town_hall	Locale	3	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Draw 1 Card and Add 3p
Town Meeting!	Premiere	town_meeting	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Move 1 of your Characters to your Town Hall or Town Square. OR If the Mayor is at your Mayor-mobile, move any number of your Characters to either your Town Hall or Town Square.
Town Square	Premiere	town_square	Locale	4	Common	FUNCTION: Add 4p
Toy Factory	ChristmasTown	toy_factory	Locale	6	Rare	BONUS: All of your Creations are -1 Cost. (Minimum Cost per Creation = 1)
Tree Circle	Premiere	tree_circle	Locale	3	Uncommon	FUNCTION: Draw 2 Cards and Add 2p
Trick or Treat!	ChristmasTown	trick_or_treat	Surprises	1	Rare	If Lock, Shock, and Barrel are in your Christmas Town, discard an opponent’s Christmas Town Gates. Regardless of whether or not you discarded Gates, you may then discard 1 Character in that opponent’s Christmas Town. Add 2p if the discarded Character is Santa.
Tub of Terror	Premiere	tub_of_terror	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 4, Lock, Shock, Barrel OR If Lock, Shock, and Barrel are at the same Locale in your Halloweentown, move them to any one other Locale in your Halloweentown.
Twilight Sun	Premiere	twilight_sun	Surprises	2	Rare	Draw 2 Cards OR Return any player’s Vampire to its owner’s hand, and then Draw 3 Cards.
Undead Duck	Premiere	undead_duck	Creations	4	Rare	When this Creation is played, Draw 1 Card for every Vampire in your Halloweentown.
Undersea Gal	Premiere	undersea_gal	Character	2	Uncommon	During your turn, you may discard the Undersea Gal from play and then Search Discard Pile, 1 Card
Uninvited Guest	ChristmasTown	uninvited_guest	Surprises	0	Rare	Play this card instead of performing a Function at one of your Active Locales. Discard a number of cards from your hand equal to the number of Active Locales controlled by one opponent, and then perform a Function at one of that opponent’s Active Locales.
Vampire Baron	Premiere	vampire_baron	Character	*	Uncommon	* Cost = 3, * Scare Number = Number of Vampires in your Halloweentown
Vampire Count	Premiere	vampire_count	Character	*	Uncommon	* Cost = 3, * Scare Number = Number of Vampires in your Halloweentown
Vampire Lord	Premiere	vampire_lord	Character	*	Uncommon	* Cost = 3, * Scare Number = Number of Vampires in your Halloweentown
Vampire Prince	Premiere	vampire_prince	Character	*	Rare	* Cost = 3, * Scare Number = Number of Vampires in your Halloweentown
We Bagged Him!	ChristmasTown	we_bagged_him	Surprises	6	Rare	Stack this card on your Jumbo Treat Bag. Your Jumbo Treat Bag cannot be affected by an opponent, and cannot be discarded from play. This Surprise is -1 Cost for every Christmas Character in your Halloweentown.
We Did It!	ChristmasTown	we_did_it	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search 5, Behemoth, Clown OR If your Behemoth and Clown are at the same Locale, force one opponent to discard one of his own Halloween Characters from his hand or from play (opponent’s choice).
Weary Willy	ChristmasTown	weary_willy	Character	0	Common	When Willy is played, you may immediately Move 3 of your Christmas Characters.
We've got to find Jack!	ChristmasTown	weve_got_to_find_jack	Surprises	0	Promo Card	Move one of your Characters (except Sandy or Oogie) to any empty Locale in your Halloweentown. You may not play this Surprise if Jack is in your Halloweentown.
What a Night!	ChristmasTown	what_a_night	Surprises	0	Common	Search 3, Cyclops, Mr. Hyde OR If your Cyclops and Mr. Hyde are at the same Locale, discard them both from play, and then play a Character from your hand to the same Locale for free.
What Have I Done?	Premiere	what_have_i_done	Surprises	1	Uncommon	Search Discard Pile, 1 Character OR Stack this card on one of your Creations, and then, if an opponent’s Jack is in play, send that Jack to its owner’s hand.
What's This?	ChristmasTown	whats_this	Surprises	1	Ultra-Rare	Every player may immediately Draw 1 Card for every Active Locale in his or her Christmas Town. Players with Jack in their Christmas Town may then Add 1p
Wheel of Torture	Premiere	wheel_of_torture	Surprises	0	Ultra-Rare	If your Oogie in play has the Alias “Gamblin’ Boogie Man,” discard the top card from an opponent’s deck. Discard one of that opponent’s Characters from play if that Character has the same exact Scare Number as the card discarded.
Where is he?	ChristmasTown	where_is_he	Surprises	1	Common	Search 5, Jack, Mayor OR If an opponent’s Mayor is in play but not at the same Locale as Jack, return that Mayor to its owner’s hand.
Winged Demon	Premiere	winged_demon	Character	1	Rare	During your turn, you may discard 1 card from hand to move the Winged Demon to any other Locale in your Halloweentown.
Witch Hazel	ChristmasTown	witch_hazel	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 3, Big Witch, Little Witch OR If the Big Witch and Little Witch are at your Wtiches’ Nook, play 1 Character from your hand at half of his or her Cost (round down).
Witches' Nook	Premiere	witches_nook	Locale	1	Common	FUNCTION: Search 6, Surprises
Without a Trace	ChristmasTown	without_a_trace	Surprises	1	Common	Search 6, Clown OR Discard your Clown from play, and then discard an opponent’s Character with a Scare Number of 2 from play.
Wolf Shadow	ChristmasTown	wolf_shadow	Character	3	Rare	During your turn, you may discard the Wolf Shadow from your Graveyard to discard an opponent’s Character who is alone at a Halloweentown Locale.
Wolfman	Premiere	wolfman	Character	2	Uncommon	When the Wolfman is played, you may discard another Character at his Locale to Draw 2 Cards.
Worm's Wart	ChristmasTown	worms_wart	Surprises	0	Rare	Search 3, Sally OR If your Sally is in her Room, discard Deadly Nightshade and Frog’s Breath from your hand, and then Add 3p
Worthy Accomplice	ChristmasTown	worthy_accomplice	Surprises	1	Rare	Search 5, Finklestein, Igor OR Stack this card on your Igor, and then remove a Character in your Discard Pile from the game. Add a number of Pumpkin Points equal to the removed Character’s Scare Number (max of 3).
Wreath of Wrath	Premiere	wreath_of_wrath	Creations	5	Rare	When this Creation is played, every player must discard 1 Character from his Halloweentown.
Zero	Premiere	zero	Character	0	Uncommon	Whenever Jack leaves the same Locale as Zero, you may move Zero to Jack’s new Locale for free.
Zero - Pale Retriever	ChristmasTown	zero2	Character	0	Rare	While Jack and Zero are at the Dark Wood, whenever you fail a Main Deck Search using a Surprise, you may keep any one of the searched cards.
Zero's Doghouse	ChristmasTown	zeros_doghouse	Locale	2	Promo Card	FUNCTION: Draw 2 Cards, Add 1p and Move 1 Card. If Zero is here, Zero’s Doghouse is considered Active.
Pumpkin King	PlayerAids	pumpkin_king				
Pumpkin Points	PlayerAids	pumpkin_points				
